# Data-Security-Enhancement-in-Cyber-Physical-Systems-using-Kyber-KEM
This research aims to secure the health report (text, audio, video, or others) in the CPS environment. This research suggested a lightweight framework for securing the health records of any file type with low resources. The input accepts all file-formats, including image, audio, video, binary files.
# Abstract 
The healthcare management systems involve the current technological progression and diagnose the patients from remote stations. Nevertheless, the patients require full-time monitoring by the health experts under extreme condition, which is almost impossible in several scenarios—such as the most recent case of COVID-19 crisis, where the hospitals were crowded with patients suffering from the respective infection. The advanced cyber-physical system[1] based medical gadgets compliment the notion of the monitoring system. The health experts can communicate with the patents from remote stations while getting a real-time update report on their health. The openness over the security threats poses a significant challenge when transferring information in the CPS module. The health information needs to be secure. The disadvantages of existing data security methods RSA and DSA is that all existing data security strategy has the same disadvantages there is a shortage of resources. To provide a solution for this problem, this study also suggested a lightweight data security method for real-time information sharing. The suggested approach is universal because it will operate with all three types of data and secure the Healthcare data crucial information. The model was evaluated with shared data sets from multiple formats such as text, pdf format, doc, and png, and produced a satisfactory result.
